A Data-Centric Approach
-----------------------

##### Preface

[The client/server architecture is a way to dispense a service from a central source.](http://composingprograms.com/pages/46-distributed-computing.html#client-server-architecture) Elos leverages this centralized system: the data processing and decision making which drive the elos experience occur on the elos core server stack, the data generated by this analysis is dispensed to the client nodes.

The client/server architecture is fundamentally a distributed network, and thus there arises arise the issue of distributed data. In the history of the internet this issues has hidden in other forms: the need to refresh and the need to complete a full-formed request to a server before loading each page. The problem of distributed data plagues the web applications developed today. Desiging and developing a host of client applications across several platforms reveals distributed data as an integral problem. Elos does not shy from this clarification.

##### Solution

Elos adopts a data-driven approach. *There is no single source of truth in elos* The structure is still client/server - the near entirety of the computation resides on our servers and the clients pose only as GUIs and the arbiters of human input. Do not be mistaken, elos' approach to data is fundamentally _masterless_. Any node can _create_ data.

Any client node or the server node can create data for a user: the hub (which exists only on the centralized server) ensures that once the data created by any single node has been verified, vetted, and ultimately persisted, the server will push that data to all clients. Clients do not perform  ad-hoc computation, they only present data. When the underlying information changes, all clients simply reflect that change. 

When the elos server analyzes data available it does so without assuming it has all information, therefore it does it's best with it's present ignorance. It does not assume equilibrium. Elos relies on _eventual consistency_ to assure that once the server has the new data the continual processing will, if necessary, trigger a change in the data the represents the deliberated decision.

##### Close

The only communication between nodes in the elos system is client -> server and server -> client. And this communication consists only of authentication protocols and data transfer.
